---
title: "Session 10"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - GM Notes
  - Session Notes
---

Made your way to the fort. Felix made ariel invis and ariel snuck up along the cliffside path but triggered a trap. Shooting a cannon into the cliffside above her. Rocks fall and push her into the aether below. She took some damage and swam to shore no prob. The rest of the party 

The main door to the tower had some mephits around it and it seemed VERY hot. They were stealthy enough to get the jump on some mephits that were attempting to burn anything they could find in the courtyard. Both Avo and Ariel went down, almost dying to a mephit explosion. The party cleaned them up with shadowpaw slicing one so quickly that it wasnt even able to explode, it just slowly slid apart. 

Short rest

Main door to the tower was still hot. After some further investigation, there was something heating this door from the inside. Andujar was able to pry the hinges off the superheated door, taking some minor fire damage. It started to fall toward him and torque. Andu heroically held the red hot door while torque scooted out of the way. After which a large dire fire warg burst through the doors and battle began. The crew shredded the elemental to bits. Tough it did howl doing a huge amount of fire damage in an area around him (thankfully ariel wasnt in range). Felix used his siginature move of finger lightningShadow action surged making 4 attacks with advantage (he should have only gotten 3) remember this for next time. Andu finishes him off by running up its back and slicing its head clean off with divine power surging through his blade. 

After the fire settles the party investigates some more. The central tower room is burned to a crisp. The remains of a few powder kegs lay strewn around the room. Seemingly exploded by the warg. The door to the next room was locked but easily picked by ariel. In the next room they found a chest full of assorted flags, and two more doors. One to a treasure vault and one to the brig containing 3 alive humanoids and one dead one. During the warg fight Avo drank her wild magic potion and began to teleport around. She was able to use this ability to teleport into the vault room. After some failed lockpick attempts and a try at knocking it off its hinges, this door was opened with a knock spell from Avo. Players were rewarded with 7k split however they decided xD