---
title: "Session 12: Get it"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
author: Ariel Starbinder
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Player Notes - Ariel
  - Session Notes
---

tl;dr: The team gets shit: Ariel gets laid; Shadowpaw gets love, loss, and blackouts; Fort Ambition gets some shit done; Torque & Avö help Ariel get an amazing sword; Torque & Shadowpaw get obsessed with cheese; Felix gets a mentor; Andujar gets wings and a moose. A crew of 31 set sail on a mission to rescue a merfolk. 

End of Session Stats:

- Crew: 32
- Ship Health: 100%
- Party Funds: 478GP & 2 Fire Stones 
- “Ordered” to do list: rescue merfolk, visit monastery, fight Moon Behemoth, takedown Nth degree and Avö’s mom

## Resting on Maladel

The gang wraps up exploring the cavern after extinguishing the toothy beast of Quoz & its ghosts. After leaving the cave, it’s evening, and they head back to the beach village to prepare for night. Tiberus offers available huts. 

Shadowpaw picks a flower and plans to leave it silently upon the door of the Tiefling Hazel. 

Meanwhile, Ariel relaxes on the beach and works on new issues of her zine which document their Tarot reading from Cosmera and their most recent fight. She is stoically propositioned by  Hazel and decides to joins her for an evening. As they walk and talk back to Hazel’s place, they pass and wave to Shadowpaw who quickly hides his flower and leaves. 

The next day, the Crew asks Almond if they would be open to housing Druid Astral Emergents during this current time of uncertainty. They reply that any refugees who seem trustworthy are welcome to come, not only Druids. The Crew thanks them and keeps this in mind. 

## Waiting for the Brigantine

While the commissioned Brigantine is being made, the crew spend 2 weeks working on various tasks and activities across Fort Ambition and the bustling cities of Velestaron 

### Two Bastion Turns

- Shadowpaw’s Hireling recruits 8 Bastion Defenders
- Ariel’s part-time hireling harvests 2 vials of poison, these are with Ariel but can be distributed to the group upon request
- Felix’s Hireling creates one blank book (costs 10GP) and 1 arcane focus
- Andujar’s Hireling creates 2 holy symbols which can be kept or sold for 5GP each
- Noctus’s Hireling generates 50GP by buying 500GP of goods one week and then selling it for 550GP the next. This was added to the party funds.
- Avö’s Hireling learns crucial information needed to forge both Ariel’s and Andujar’s fancy weapons
- Torque’s 3 Hirelings presumably craft something but I didn’t catch what

### Downtime

- Torque spends time giving everyone a magic spell tattoo. He also crafts together Ariel’s mother-of-pearl rapier and the feather that they found. While crafting, he sees the royal sigil on the sword and becomes convinced that Ariel stole it from royalty.
- Torque also crafts 2 helms of the rat kings for himself and Shadowpaw
- Felix crafts Ariel a wand of Magic Missiles and refuses payment
- Avö attempts to hit herself with Magic Missile while wearing her anti-magic missile
- Ariel sends a message to her favorite professor asking for 2 horticulture interns to help with her Poison and future Healing gardens.
- Felix visits Greensleeves, “Hey magic man, come out” and officially becomes a mentee. Greensleeves shares that each member of his community will bring a new recruit and one will get selected, he would like to choose Felix.
- Ariel spends a lot of the 2 weeks in the local tavern, trying to befriend and get a read on the leader of the Pirate Council, Red, who is also the barkeep. This is mostly unsuccessful. She is reminded “Don’t forget to look for traps” but a mysterious voice in her head at one point.
- Andujar, Avö, and Shadowpaw spend time practicing their sailing to improve their Sailing Die.
- Shadowpaw is approached by an old friend, Strawberry who brings news of strange events happening at his home monestary. She asks him to return and look into it.
- Ariel & Torque spy on Shadowpaw’s date with Strawberry, and attempt to wing-man him by sneaking into her room and leaving flowers and music.
- Shadowpaw blacks out and wakes up to Strawberry gone. Ariel, Avö, and Torque investigate and find out that she was crying as she left the tavern with a Tiefling man.
- Felix sends a message to Strawberry on Shadowpaw’s behalf and she apologies for leaving early, says nothing about Shadow doing anything inapproriate etc.
- Ariel is approached by an merwoman named Nadia, openly wearing the symbol of the Sistern, who is politely asking for help in a mission to retrieve the remains of her Beline who was a member of the Coral Cutles. Her information, a mysterious letter, has a secret message she missed that say’s “She’s Alive”. Ariel does not tell the crew why this person reached out to her specifically. Torque becomes convinced that she is Ariel’s ex-lover

## Set Sail

- Ankar finishes our ship! We say goodbye to our sloop, put together by Captain Amil, and make the Brigatine home.
- Both the Coral Cutles and the Monestary (and, farther, the Moon Bahemoth) are in the same direction. The crew decides to prioritize Ariel’s request to support her kin. Everyone is aware it may be a trap, Ariel tries to appeal to their sense of treasure that may be there.
- 20 new members join the Crew:
    - 10 for free, the guys that previously tried to join the shipwreckers and super struggled
    - 10 for 250GP from around Velestarone
    - The rest of the crew is the 7 NPCs, Zhang, Tiberius, Nadia, and 1 PC from when we learned about Tiberius
- Nadia gifts the crew with a Ship Cat, he’s perfect
- Nadia navigates us magically in the right direction (presumably)

### Storm

- A storm hits, this is great as it is a requirement for completing the Chain Sword of the Sea
- Felix falls into the aether but is quickly retrieved by Andujar who SPROUTS WINGS AND FLYS to him (for the first time)
- We see a small island and a ship with one man aboard. We stop to investigate and rescue him.
- Torque jumps into the water towards the cliffs, with Ariel’s sword. He attempts to swim it into the cliffside and is badly injured. Thinking about the clues again, he realizes the waves must do the work for this to be successful, and he takes a calculated risk and let’s go of the sword. He gets his battered self safely to shore and attempts to watch, but loses track of where it is in the water.
- Meanwhile, Andujar, Shadowpaw, and Ariel go to the crashed ship - Andy flying Shadow and Ariel going from passenger to dive to swimming there. Avö prepares their own ship but is ready to stop any mischief.
- The man is hungry and takes offered rations. The team finds some extra cheese and food along with man dead bodies from the crash and from attacks by Marrow. Ariel is excited, as she has a private mission to test a potion that she had commissioned.
- Felix reads the man’s thoughts, there’s no risk of being attacked by him, he has been traumatized and just needs a rescue. The crew size increases to 32, although who knows how helpful he will be.
- We notice Torque on the beach and go to investigate. He looks like shit so Andujar SUMMONS A GIANT WHITE MOOSE which then heals Torque. We all look on in awe.
- Ariel asks to have her sword back in case of battle - there have ben reports of marrow. Torque explains it’s in the ocean to complete forging. Ariel is PISSED but Felix uses a spell to point to exactly where it is. Ariel swims out and comes back wearing a cool new belt. It’s amazing and she immeaditately forgives Torque, but gives some sideeye just to keep him on his toes.

### Chum in the Water

- Ariel needs a test experiment, and the team is itching to try out new skills, so they set up a trap to entice the local marrow after Ariel attunes to her new rapier/whip
- ~10 marrow appear, some of them spell casters, and the group (somewhat) quickly takes them out, leaving one alive but unconcious
- A few people are feeling hurt, so Andujar summons his moose, saying it can heal all of them, but only Avö feels better
- Ariel pours the potion into the marrows mouth and they begin to turn more blue….